raku/robot-name/HELP.md, before:

# Help

## Running the tests

You can run the test suite for the exercise by executing the appropriate command:

If the `rakutest` file is contained in the `t/` directory:
`prove6 --lib`

If the `rakutest` file is in the top-level directory:
`prove6 {exercise-name}.rakutest`

## Submitting your solution

You can submit your solution using the `exercism submit Robot.rakumod` command.
This command will upload your solution to the Exercism website and print the solution page's URL.

It's possible to submit an incomplete solution which allows you to:

- See how others have completed the exercise
- Request help from a mentor

## Need to get help?

If you'd like help solving the exercise, check the following pages:

- The [Raku track's documentation](https://exercism.org/docs/tracks/raku)
- The [Raku track's programming category on the forum](https://forum.exercism.org/c/programming/raku)
- [Exercism's programming category on the forum](https://forum.exercism.org/c/programming/5)
- The [Frequently Asked Questions](https://exercism.org/docs/using/faqs)

Should those resources not suffice, you could submit your (incomplete) solution to request mentoring.

To get help if you're having trouble, you can use one of the following resources:

- [Raku resources](https://raku.org/resources/)
- [/r/rakulang](https://www.reddit.com/r/rakulang) is the Raku subreddit.
- [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/raku) can be used to search for your problem and see if it has been answered already. You can also ask and answer questions.

Commit message:

adding bowling grade-school robot-name

raku/robot-name/HELP.md, after:

# Help

## Running the tests

There is a Raku script with the extension `.rakutest` contained in the `t/` directory, which will be used to test your solution.
You can run through the tests by using the command:

```bash
prove6
```

## Submitting your solution

You can submit your solution using the `exercism submit lib/Robot.rakumod` command.
This command will upload your solution to the Exercism website and print the solution page's URL.

It's possible to submit an incomplete solution which allows you to:

- See how others have completed the exercise
- Request help from a mentor

## Need to get help?

If you'd like help solving the exercise, check the following pages:

- The [Raku track's documentation](https://exercism.org/docs/tracks/raku)
- The [Raku track's programming category on the forum](https://forum.exercism.org/c/programming/raku)
- [Exercism's programming category on the forum](https://forum.exercism.org/c/programming/5)
- The [Frequently Asked Questions](https://exercism.org/docs/using/faqs)

Should those resources not suffice, you could submit your (incomplete) solution to request mentoring.

To get help if you're having trouble, you can use one of the following resources:

- [Raku resources](https://raku.org/resources/)
- [/r/rakulang](https://www.reddit.com/r/rakulang) is the Raku subreddit.
- [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/raku) can be used to search for your problem and see if it has been answered already. You can also ask and answer questions.
